Something happened that last week.
-He seemed burdened.
-He was the president.
And he was in my office
stumbling around drunk in his bathrobe.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[Xavier Collins] Take me through
Wildcat's day. Anything irregular?
[Mike Garcia] He got out of his bathrobe
for the first time in a week.
Spent the morning making pasta.
[Xavier] And that's it?
[Garcia] Coffee with Sinatra
in the afternoon.
You know who made her daily
happy hour appearance.
Kid bailed on him for dinner.
I ghosted him yesterday.
I told him that I wished he was dead.
-How's your dad?
-Still just a light touch of dementia.
Cal! Where's my son?
[Cal Bradford] [on TV] That's why
we're sending these four brave explorers
into the unknown.
It's not what we thought. There's life.
[gunshot]
And I've done some things
I think might have to do
-with what happened to our guy.
-What things, man?
Look, tomorrow, I'll tell you everything.
I swear to God.
You think you're the only killer
I brought down here just in case?
You gonna send somebody for me?
You better make sure it's the
biggest motherfucker you got.
[choking, gasping]
[body thuds]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[narrator] "I had a dream,
which was not all a dream.
"The bright sun was extinguished
"and the stars did wander,
darkling in the eternal space.
"And all hearts were chilled
into a selfish prayer for light."
[♪ "Here I Go Again"
by Whitesnake playing on stereo]
♪ Here I go again on my own ♪
♪ Going down the only
road I've ever known ♪
♪ Like a drifter,
I was born to walk alone ♪
-[♪ music stops]
-[CD changer whirring]
You want your mix back, sir?
Nah, you can keep it.
I just like making 'em.
[dog barking]
Thank you.
[♪ bright piano music playing]
[TV softly plays in background]
[knocking]
[Kane Bradford] Hey!
What took you so long?
Your pilot, your jet. You tell me.
[Kane chuckles, sighs]
[Cal] Ah.
[Kane sighs]
Have you watched this guy play?
-Tiger Woods?
-Yeah.
Everyone watches him play.
That father did a hell of a job with him.
It's possible the kid
had some natural talent, too.
-Anything's possible.
-[turns off TV]
-Make you a drink?
-It's 11:00 a.m.
[Kane] And happy hour somewhere.
[liquid pouring]
Oklahoma project didn't find
a drop of goddamn oil.
Eh, it happens.
-[glass clinking]
-I am more bullish on North Dakota
and the Bakken shale.
[Cal groans]
I am told that you have
barely been to the fields.
Got your little birdies
delivering you intel, huh?
[Kane chuckles]
[glass thuds]
I'm leaving the business, Dad.
Drilling and hydro-fracturing
were never my speed.
I want something simpler.
I wanna teach high school.
Hm.
[laughing]
[chuckling] Oh! Oh, boy.
No.
No, no, no.
Over my dead, corroded body, Cal.
I will give you one thing,
you are a shit oil man.
And that is why
you're going into politics.
You'll begin in Kentucky, of course.
Our last name alone could get a horse
with a speech impediment
elected in Kentucky.
Now, you can either run
as a Democrat for the Senate
or a Republican for governor.
Either way, once you've served
a couple of terms,
we can begin to position you
for better things.
I'm not a teenager anymore.
-You don't control me--
-Enough!
This is what's happening, Cal.
You are going to have a life,
and a big one,
and one that does not include
teaching dipshit 9th graders
Catcher in the Rye year after year.
Now, you come from a long line of men
who have lived big lives,
men who have made this world
more or less with their bare hands.
And I am not going to watch you
piss all that away!
When you leave this life,
you're going to goddamn exit it
with some pride in your accomplishments,
even if I have to drag you
kicking and screaming
to those accomplishments!
Now, you will thank me one day.
And even if you don't,
your future children certainly will.
Unlike you, they might just be grateful
for that Bradford name.
[wristband chiming]
[♪ solemn music playing]
[clock ticking]
[phone chirping]
[sighs]
You look nice. Grown up.
And you look like you're pretending
to be an agent.
They just put me on leave.
I'm still an agent.
-Where's your brother?
-He's next door at Carl's with, you know.
[Xavier sighs]
[saw whirring]
[whirring]
Ready? Go!
-[Carl] Yeah.
-There we go. This way.
[Carl] Good, good.
-She really listens to you.
-[Xavier] James.
Uh, Xavier, uh, James just wanted
to come over and play with Lucy.
-Just a little longer?
-Now, son.
-Get your jacket, come on.
-It's okay, James.
Um, it's a crazy day today at the tower.
I gotta get moving myself.
-You gotta be more careful, Carl.
-[James Collins] Come on!
The no pets rule is pretty clear.
I know. Uh, I know. I just, um...
[James] Come on! Bring it back. Come on!
Look how much they
love each other. [laughing]
[Lucy panting, licking]
Expecting a 10-year-old
to keep your secret
is a real leap of faith.
That street lamp they're working on?
That light was not out last night.
How easy would it be for them
to put a camera in there?
Come on, Xavier, that's a little paranoid,
isn't it?
Is it?
Just be more careful.
You're right. I will be.
I owe you, Xavier. Anything you ever need.
You know, cut your lawn, trim your hedges,
sourdough starter for life,
-you just say the word.
-[both chuckling]
Thanks, Carl.
-[church bell tolling]
-[indistinct chatter]
-[beeping]
-Tower?
[over radio] This is Ava
with event logistics.
Is there any way we can
bring in some cloud cover?
[over radio] This isn't
spring break. We need somber.
Copy that.
Uh, let's try this one.
[bell tolling]
[sky operator] [over radio] There you go.
-Thank you.
-[sky operator] Tower out.
When I was little, my dad would always
invite me into his office
at the end of the day to--
to, uh, to play a little golf.
Turned out, much to his chagrin,
I, uh, I wasn't exactly
the next Tiger Woods.
-Um...
-[light laughter]
He used to say
putting was his happy place,
that his head would clear,
and that all the stress
and the pressure would just fade away.
And I'm sure he needed golf
down here more than ever.
I mean, you know, let's face it,
he was, uh...
[inhales sharply]
...he was unraveling those last few weeks.
You know, some of you
might have even seen him
running around in his bathrobe.
[people murmuring]
Yeah, those, um...
Those last days were rough.
My dude, I got Rocky III queued up,
not to mention some popcorn
and some bourbon.
-You in?
-[♪ lightly strums guitar]
Little Clubber Lang, some Mr. T?
We can skip right to Eye of the Tiger.
It's the best.
The hero at his lowest point
gets his shit together
and he kicks in some balls,
you'll love it.
-What do you say?
-I'd say your taste in movies
is as dated as your taste in music.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
save it for my biography.
[kicking, stomping] Come on.
Watch a classic with your old man.
That biography, that--
that pretty much writes itself, no?
Part one, an alcoholic
daddy's boy wakes up at age 42
and decides he wants to be president.
Okay, spare me the whole righteous teenage
shtick, will you?
Part two, following the collapse
of civilization, he, uh,
he hunkers down in his mansion
playing Pebble Beach in a golf simulator
while a bunch of gazillionaires
stick their hands up his ass
-to make his mouth move.
-Jeremy.
-[door opens]
-[Kane] Get off me!
Ah, keep your friggin' hands
to yourself, Junior!
-[Billy Pace] Hey!
-[door slams]
-[Cal] What's going on? Dad.
-It's just--
I was just trying to get--
-Okay, alright, it's alright.
-I'm sorry, sir.
We got an alert he'd left the guest house.
-We found him at the neighbors.
-Okay, I wanna go to my study!
-He will not let me go to my study!
-Okay, alright.
It's my study, Dad.
You live in the guest house, remember?
-How did he get out?
-I have no idea.
Grandpa, I'll-- I'll show you
to the study, yeah?
-I just wanna get my book.
-Okay.
Sniper here won't let me go to my study.
Son of a bitch.
It's probably time we start thinking about
-putting a child lock--
-No, no, no. Not yet, man.
-[Billy] Just thought if we--
-Not yet.
Yes, sir.
No, Jeremy. My name's Jeremy.
-Not Cal.
-Huh.
That's what Cal named his boy. "Jeremy."
Such a limp, ineffectual name.
That-- That's a kind of name for a fop,
a fool, or a physicist.
Not according to Pearl Jam, Dad.
[Kane] Ah, that's where I put it.
[Cal] Okay, Dad, you can't
leave the grounds.
Are you listening?
Without telling someone.
Eh, you were always weak.
That's why the sniper had to do it.
Why do you keep calling
him that? It's Agent Pace.
And these agents aren't your babysitters,
you understand?
You thought they were all
lost at sea, those four.
[chuckles]
And they did it
right under your nose, too.
You-- You know, you were
never the sharpest tool in the shed, kid.
Okay, why don't we get you
back to your place?
Ah, ah, ah, ah!
Not my president.
[chuckles]
-Not mine either.
-Hey, don't be like that.
Hey!
I don't know what I did to piss you off.
You never stood up. You never fought back.
You knew what was coming
and you kept it to yourself.
That makes you complicit.
[♪ tense music playing]
-[Cal] Okay.
-[Jeremy scoffs]
You know, I-I-I really--
I can't wait to see
how you hide from yourself
when the liquor finally runs out.
I wish you'd died
with the rest of the world.
[softly] Yeah.
[♪ solemn music playing]
Yeah, the man loved his golf.
♪♪
Hey there, Collins-es.
[Xavier] Jane.
Have you seen Billy today?
He hasn't answered my texts.
Oh.
Weird, I've been trying
to get ahold of him, too.
Hey, Pres, can you take James
to Carl's, please?
-Come on, Booger.
-[James] Takes one to know one.
[Presley Collins] [laughing]
You're still a booger.
[kids continue chattering]
Something's not right.
Let's go find Billy.
[♪ tense music playing]
Collins.
Can we have a quick word?
It's about Cal.
Jane, give us a minute, would you?
The crime scene.
I sent the DNA samples to the lab
for testing a few days ago.
The samples never arrived at the lab.
Delayed or lost?
The samples never arrived.
And who is the one person with the power
to get in the way of something like that?
Look, Collins, I'm big enough
to admit that you had a point.
But you and me...
is about as wide as my
circle of trust goes right now.
Well, you were dating the murder victim,
so my circle of trust
is staying put for right now.
[♪ tense music continues]
[sighs]
[Robinson] What are you thinking about?
[Cal] Eh, my old man had
a bad episode today.
[♪ music fades out]
You know, my dad
was one of the first people
that Samantha recruited
to help build this place?
He had the subsurface geologic experience.
He knew how to find seams in the earth.
But his biggest contribution was me.
[♪ "More Than Words"
by Extreme playing on stereo]
His hand-picked man in charge
who could open up all
of Lady Liberty's precious resources
for whatever she needed.
-Can I ask you a question?
-Hm?
Did you vote for me?
-No.
-[groans] Oh.
You came off like the spoiled
moron son of a billionaire.
Don't you dare.
Wow.
Cal, can I be honest with you?
That was sugarcoated?
No matter what your father
did to get you here,
you have shouldered
an unimaginable burden.
This is still your presidency.
You can make of it whatever you want.
♪ How you feel ♪
-♪ More than words... ♪
-[chuckles softly]
So, you're saying if
you could do it again,
you would vote for me?
[laughing] I am saying
that I have since discovered
you have certain...
-practices and policies I quite enjoy.
-Uh-huh.
-I wonder what those are.
-[both chuckle]
♪ 'Cause I'd already know ♪
♪ What would you do ♪
♪ If my heart was torn in two? ♪
Hey, does my dad have a nickname for you?
-A nickname?
-Yeah.
Other than the occasional condescending
"sweetheart" or "darling," no.
No nickname. Why?
He's been calling Pace
a nickname for a while-- "Sniper."
-Hm. [chuckles]
-I don't know, it's weird.
Yeah.
It's hard to be a sniper
in a world without real guns.
God, I miss it.
Yeah? What's that?
-Guns.
-[Cal laughing]
The weight of them, you know?
-Okay.
-Not just some
orange rubber taser.
You really think people this powerful
would actually leave themselves
defenseless?
[♪ "More Than Words"
continues softly playing]
What are you talking about?
Yeah, I can't really talk about it.
Cal, I'm the special agent in charge.
If there are guns down here,
I need to know about them.
-I got some work to do.
-Wait, Cal.
[Cal] The aquifer's acting
up or some shit.
Are you fucking serious right now?
This is still an illicit affair.
Cal, you do realize that-- that this is...
You...
This is more for me.
You know that, right?
I can't do this right now.
♪ More than words ♪
♪ Is all I ever need ♪
[silence]
[quiet indistinct chatter]
[sighs deeply]
[birdsong]
[♪ tense, dramatic music playing]
Billy!
-Hey, man, you in there?
-Billy?
[knocking]
Billy, man, you there?
[debris clatters]
[Jane Driscoll] Billy?
[Xavier breathing shakily]
Hey.
[softly] No, no, no, Billy.
[footsteps approaching]
[gasps]
-Jane.
-Oh, my God.
No, Jane. Jane, he's gone.
-No! Billy, no!
-Listen, please--
[sobbing]
[♪ ominous music playing]
[Jane whimpering]
[Jane sobbing]
Yeah, I'm, uh, A-- [sighs] Agent Collins.
It's, um...
[Jane continues sobbing]
[Xavier sighs]
I'm at the home of Agent Billy Pace.
Uh, h--
Agent down.
He's dead.
[♪ ominous music playing]
[sighs deeply]
[indistinct chatter]
[Jane] [sobbing] I-- I don't understand.
I was with him last night.
He-- he was maybe a little off,
but... I don't know, not really himself.
But he brought me a sparkler.
I'm so sorry, Jane.
[Jane] I mean, we argued a tiny bit,
but I don't think that that would--
[sobbing] Oh God, why did he do this?
-[♪ somber music playing]
-[agents chattering]
[light clicks]
[sighs]
"Sniper."
"Lost at sea."
What the fuck does that mean?
[safe beeping]
-[beeps]
-[lid whirs]
[groans]
[tablet chirping, chiming]
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
[buzzer ringing]
[chiming]
-[tablet alarm beeping]
-Restricted access?
I've got top fucking
presidential clearance, motherfucker.
[tablet alarm beeping]
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
[softly snoring]
[softly groans]
[tablet chiming]
[Kane continues snoring]
The fuck...?
[♪ suspenseful music continues]
[Susan] [on tablet] As you can see,
there's nothing left.
Radiation levels are still very high.
We're taking a big risk
being exposed this long.
[Susan] [on recording] Are you there?
Did you hear what I said?
We found someone. A woman.
[Sinatra] [on recording]
Where did she come from?
[Susan] We don't know.
She can only speak--
I think it's Creole,
but maybe someone
from the city can translate?
[Sinatra] I need you to keep her there
until I can speak to the others.
[Susan] We can't leave her out here.
We're bringing her back.
[Sinatra] You're not to do that,
do you understand?
That is final!
-[Billy] I found them.
-[Sinatra] And?
[Billy] It's like you said.
They got someone with 'em.
[Sinatra] They're coming back here?
[Billy] Yeah. Less than a day away.
[Sinatra] Then you need to do
what we discussed.
Agent Pace, take them out.
That's an order. If you can't comply,
I'll find someone who will,
but don't bother coming back.
[♪ intense music playing]
♪♪
-Hello there.
-Your Honor.
[clears throat] I mean, not--
uh, not Your Honor.
[stammering] What is-- what is it?
-Uh, Mr. President!
-Cal is fine.
If I wanted to make a mixtape,
is that possible?
Yeah, uh, yes, we have the...
[clearing throat]
...music library. Thousands and thousands
of albums
in various formats
with listening stations--
Terrific, terrific. Where would that be?
Straight ahead and up the stairs.
Thank you very much.
And great work you're doing here.
The library's the jewel of the city.
[indistinct chatter]
[chatter stops]
[♪ "Here I Go Again" by Whitesnake
playing in headphones]
♪ Here I go again on my own ♪
♪ Going down the only road
I've ever known ♪
♪ Like a drifter,
I was born to walk alone ♪
♪ And I've made up my mind ♪
♪ I ain't wasting no more time ♪
♪ I'm just another heart
in need of rescue ♪
♪ Waiting on love's sweet charity ♪
Does patient-doctor confidentiality
still exist down here?
Of course, yes.
Confidentially, then,
if ever, for some reason...
we can't talk anymore 'cause I'm, uh...
let's just say unavailable...
you're gonna wanna look at someone.
-I-- I don't...
-Out of everyone on my detail,
Xavier Collins is the only one
I really trust.
So, you're gonna
want to discuss it with him.
♪ To walk along
the lonely street of dreams ♪
-♪ And here I go again on my own ♪
-[Cal whistling melody]
♪ Going down the only
road I've ever known ♪
♪ Like a drifter,
I was born to walk alone ♪
♪ And I've made up my mind ♪
♪ I ain't wasting no more time ♪
[Sinatra] It's nice to see you
out of your bathrobe, Cal.
-[♪ music fading]
-♪ Here I go again on my own... ♪
I know what you did, Samantha.
I accessed the files about the expedition.
[birdsong]
A decision had to be made, and I made it.
-To be a murderer?
-Every indication
is that the surface
of the planet is uninhabitable.
People need to know
that there are survivors,
that their people could be alive up there.
And then what?
They go searching, whatever the fuck
that looks like,
letting others know where we are?
-It's a death sentence.
-That's their decision.
Not yours.
-And I'm gonna tell 'em the truth.
-No, you're not.
I'm the president!
Don't you ever fucking
tell me what I can or cannot do,
you understand me?
-If I decide to tell--
-What?
Say it to my face.
I wanna see what it looks like
when you have balls... sir.
[♪ tense, ominous music playing]
It's fine.
We're fine.
♪♪
[♪ "Make Believe World" by Sandy Szigeti
playing softly in bar]
♪ The wind is blowing ♪
♪ Against my face ♪
♪ Sun's beating down ♪
♪ With its warm rays ♪
♪ The robin's song... ♪
[Robinson sighs]
Pace took a dose of fentanyl
no one could mistake for recreational.
Coroner's ruling it a suicide.
Billy was trying to warn me.
He knew something.
About her.
So, first Cal, then Billy.
It was her.
-[Robinson] Tequila, neat.
-Okay.
He was like a little brother to me. Billy.
I was in love with him. Cal.
♪ A sound so sweet ♪
-Neat.
-[glass thuds]
♪ And all my cares just disappear... ♪
So, what are we gonna do?
Sit here and drink our feelings?
That's an option.
Or... we take her down.
It's gonna be hard taking
anybody down without weapons.
There are weapons.
And I know how to get 'em.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[footsteps]
[knocking]
I've been looking everywhere for you.
How was my eulogy?
Um...
It... it killed.
All he wanted those last few days
was to hit shots with me
in this stupid thing.
To pretend we were playing
Pebble Beach or Kapalua, and that...
none of this had ever happened.
I was so awful to him.
I didn't even show up
for dinner that night.
[phone chirps, buzzing]
[phone chirps]
[♪ somber music playing]
How about you show me Kapalua?
-[game chiming]
-[graphics whooshing]
[game menu beeping]
-[♪ bright guitar music playing]
-[ocean waves crashing]
[chuckles]
[chuckles softly]
[sea birds calling]
Are you-- are you okay?
-Do you want me to turn it off?
-No. No.
It's... it's just really beautiful.
-[sea birds calling]
-[waves softly crashing]
-[Kane] What are you doing here?
-[both gasp]
[sighs] Grandpa.
Um... I'm so sorry.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. What are you doing here?
-Alright, come on, Grandpa.
-Oh, I know you!
No, I saw her, Cal!
-You're confused.
-I know you, girl! I know you!
-Whoa, hey! Grandpa, stop that!
-[Presley] Hey! Ow!
-[Kane] Cal!
-Hey, let go!
-Let go of me, you son of a bitch!
-Stop! Stop.
-I gotta get outta here.
-What are you...
[♪ tense, ominous music playing]
Presley! Pres, I'm sorry. He's--
He thinks that I'm my dad, and--
Pre-- Pres, I...
[♪ bright music playing]
[phone chirps]
[Cal sighs]
I don't want any more of your trinkets.
What? What are you talking about?
I can't do this, Cal.
I can't keep coming over here
like your hooker.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Hey, hang on, Rob...
[sighs]
Alright, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, listen.
Will you come sit, please?
-No.
-Hey.
So, you're telling me
you came over here...
dressed like this just to break my heart?
-I gotta go.
-Okay, look. Hey.
Come on, what...
Get out of my way before I break your
fucking nose!
Well, now you're just turning me on.
Oh!
Shit! Fuck!
Robinson, wait! Hey, hey! The guns!
You said you missed holding a gun.
I was gonna take you shooting.
The sub-basement of the arena, okay?
You just punch in a four-digit code.
It's my inauguration day.
Are you actually trying to use guns
to bribe me into staying?
Yeah. Yes, yes, I am.
That's exactly what I'm doing.
I'll do whatever it takes.
I got a few months left on this job,
then I can stop the play-acting
with Jessica. And...
we can get a divorce, and you and I can...
do all that romantic shit together.
We can hold hands in public
and talk about our love languages.
All of it. I want all of it with you.
Nicole.
I love you.
You make me crazy.
Call me when you're sober.
[door closes]
"Cities were consumed...
"and men were gathered
round their blazing homes
to look once more into each other's face."
[Kane chuckles, sighs]
I averaged two books a week
for my entire life,
and now, all I can read is poetry.
It's the only thing that'll stay
in my brain from
start to finish.
Hm.
My wife, she was an
English teacher. High school.
She loved teaching this poem.
Darkness. Lord Byron.
My wife said it was one of the few poems
that actually got her kids
to sit up in their seats.
-[chuckles]
-I remember.
[Kane] Yeah.
I remember her giving you
that bookmark for Christmas.
All the luxuries we had,
and that's the one thing
you held onto all this time.
[chuckles] Yeah.
-Yeah.
-Kinda makes you think, doesn't it?
What would she thought of all this?
She would be grateful
that her son was alive.
Mm.
She and I met in college.
My family didn't approve of her,
and hers could not make
head or tails of me.
So, our courtship had to be a secret.
And this was our little signal, you see?
'Cause I would-- I would slip flowers
into whatever she was reading
so that I could be sure
that she knew as soon as we graduated
and I-- and I found my--
my place in the business,
that I would marry her.
Every flower was a secret.
And then, when it came time
to build the biggest secret of all,
the great secret that would
carry on the history of mankind,
I kept this symbol alive for her.
So, when you ask, what would she think,
I, I, I think that you have
confused yourself...
about why I did this.
I built this for you and for Jeremy.
And I built it for her.
Can I ask you something, Dad?
'Cause I may be in a bit
of danger right now,
and I need to know.
I did everything
you asked of me in this life.
My life was your chess piece.
And I delivered.
I led as big a life as a man can live,
and I hated every fucking moment of it.
But I did it.
For you.
So, does any of it...
Have I ever made you proud?
You never did anything
I didn't do for you.
[pages rustling]
"And the crowd was famished by degrees..."
[♪ bright music playing]
[sighs]
[♪ tense, mysterious music playing]
[♪ ominous music playing]
[streetlight buzzing]
-Dad, there's a thing I need--
-Hey, listen.
Um, there's something awful
I need to tell you.
I don't even know--
Uncle Billy, he's gone.
He's dead.
[insects chirring]
-What?
-I hate to drop it on you like that,
but, um, there's something
I gotta take care of,
and I need you to do exactly what I ask
right now, okay?
Go upstairs and get
your brother, pack a bag,
-whatever you can put into a backpack.
-Why, what's happening?
Extra clothes, James' toothbrush,
maybe a few books to read.
Dad, what are you talking about?
'Cause I need your help, Presley.
I need you to be in control,
and I need you to be strong, okay?
[breathing shakily]
Uncle Billy's gone? Like, this is real?
-[sniffling]
-Yeah, come here.
I know, baby.
I love you.
And I'm asking a lot of you.
I know, I wouldn't put you through this--
It's okay. [sniffles] Dad, go.
Do what you have to do.
[♪ bright music playing]
[softly] Okay.
[knocking]
[Xavier sighs]
Hey, Carl.
I need to call in that favor.
It's gonna be a bit more
than a sourdough starter.
What the hell is wrong with you, huh?
Why did you do that?
Grandpa, you scared the shit out of her!
Who?
Don't play it like that.
I'm not playing it like anything, Cal.
I'm not my fucking dad! O--
[inhales sharply]
[sighs deeply]
Never mind.
You were right the other night.
You were right, Cal.
What was I right about?
All of it.
[chuckles]
Your mother wanted to name you Arthur,
after her grandfather.
"Too soft," I said.
Not-- not a great man's name.
But Cal Bradford, now, that's a...
that's a name for a leader,
a leader of men.
I am not proud of anything I did.
But I am so very proud of you.
And I am so very sorry, Son.
I'm sorry too, Dad.
I'm sorry for what I said to you.
I forgive you for everything.
[Kane whimpers]
[clearing throat]
[whimpering]
-[thunder cracking]
-[Kane] "The world was void.
"The populace and the powerful
was a lump, seasonless,
"herbless, treeless, manless, lifeless.
"A lump of death, a chaos of hard clay.
"Ships, sailor-less,
lay rotting on the sea...
"and their masts fell down piecemeal.
"As they dropped...
"they slept on the abyss
without waves were dead.
"The tides were in their grave.
"The moon, their mistress,
had expired before.
"The winds were withered
in the stagnant air...
"and the clouds perished.
"Darkness had no need of aid from them.
She was the universe."
She...
I saw her that night.
I saw her.
♪ Rising up ♪
[♪ "Eye Of The Tiger"
by Tommee Profitt playing]
♪ Took my chances ♪
♪ Went the distance ♪
[tablet chimes]
♪ Will to survive ♪
♪ So many times ♪
♪ You change your passion for glory ♪
♪ Don't lose your grip ♪
♪ Keep them alive ♪
[electricity humming]
♪ And he's watching us all with the eye ♪
[♪ dramatic music playing]
♪ Eye of the tiger ♪
♪ Eye of the ♪
[♪ dramatic electronic music playing]
[♪ light, mysterious music playing]
♪♪
[♪ music fades out]
[♪ fanfare playing]